Fix typos in “Functions” article (#15696)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/functions/index.md

1. `B` forms a closure including `A` (i.e., `B` can access `A`'s arguments and variables).
2. `C` forms a closure including `B`.

> 3. Because `B`'s closure includes `A`, `C`'s closure includes `B`, so `C` can access _both_ `B` _and_ `A`'s arguments and variables. In other words, `C` _chains_ the scopes of `B` and `A`, _in that order_.

Reviewer: Not sure about this. As I read the original it wants to say something like :

```suggestion
3. Because `C`'s closure includes `B` and `B`'s closure includes `A`, then `C`'s closure also includes `A`. This means `C` can access _both_ `B` _and_ `A`'s arguments and variables. In other words, `C` _chains_ the scopes of `B` and `A`, _in that order_.
```

...that is, the point it wants to make is that `C`'s closure includes `A`'s closure indirectly, or transitively, or something. Saying:

> Because `B`'s closure includes `A`, `C`'s closure includes `B`, ...

...seems wrong: it's not because "`B`'s closure includes `A" that "`C`'s closure includes `B`".
